# hightlight.md output

This layout is used to demonstrate how paths will be constructed in 
different contexts, and using different src-dest arrangements.

## Highlight text
<span class="highlight">This is content</span>
<span class="alert-info">This is content</span>



---

(begin path info...)

### "{{#each pages}}" Links

#### relative path
../assets


[authors](../assets) 
[each-pages](../assets) 
[roadmap](../assets) 
[travis](../assets) 
[collections](../assets) 
[copy](../assets) 
[glob-extensions](../assets) 
[glob-sortby-content](../assets) 
[glob-sortby-index](../assets) 
[glob-sortby-none](../assets) 
[glob-sortby-path](../assets) 
[glob](../assets) 
[include](../assets) 
[less](../assets) 
[switch](../assets) 
[hightlight](../assets) 
[expand](../assets) 
[inspect](../assets) 
[property](../assets) 
[stringify](../assets) 
[value](../assets) 
[basename](../assets) 
[dirname](../assets) 
[extname](../assets) 
[filename](../assets) 
[relative](../assets) 
[embed](../assets) 
[jsfiddle](../assets) 
[toc](../assets) 
[hyphenate](../assets) 
[occurences](../assets) 
[replace](../assets) 
[url-resolve](../assets)  


### {{#each pages}} "this" context

#### authors.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: authors.md
this.pagename: authors.md
this.basename: authors
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### each-pages.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: each-pages.md
this.pagename: each-pages.md
this.basename: each-pages
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### roadmap.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: roadmap.md
this.pagename: roadmap.md
this.basename: roadmap
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### travis.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: travis.md
this.pagename: travis.md
this.basename: travis
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### collections.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: collections.md
this.pagename: collections.md
this.basename: collections
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### copy.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: copy.md
this.pagename: copy.md
this.basename: copy
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob-extensions.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob-extensions.md
this.pagename: glob-extensions.md
this.basename: glob-extensions
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob-sortby-content.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob-sortby-content.md
this.pagename: glob-sortby-content.md
this.basename: glob-sortby-content
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob-sortby-index.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob-sortby-index.md
this.pagename: glob-sortby-index.md
this.basename: glob-sortby-index
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob-sortby-none.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob-sortby-none.md
this.pagename: glob-sortby-none.md
this.basename: glob-sortby-none
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob-sortby-path.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob-sortby-path.md
this.pagename: glob-sortby-path.md
this.basename: glob-sortby-path
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### glob.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: glob.md
this.pagename: glob.md
this.basename: glob
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### include.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: include.md
this.pagename: include.md
this.basename: include
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### less.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: less.md
this.pagename: less.md
this.basename: less
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### switch.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: switch.md
this.pagename: switch.md
this.basename: switch
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: hightlight.md
this.pagename: hightlight.md
this.basename: hightlight
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### expand.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: expand.md
this.pagename: expand.md
this.basename: expand
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### inspect.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: inspect.md
this.pagename: inspect.md
this.basename: inspect
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### property.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: property.md
this.pagename: property.md
this.basename: property
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### stringify.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: stringify.md
this.pagename: stringify.md
this.basename: stringify
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### value.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: value.md
this.pagename: value.md
this.basename: value
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### basename.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: basename.md
this.pagename: basename.md
this.basename: basename
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### dirname.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: dirname.md
this.pagename: dirname.md
this.basename: dirname
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### extname.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: extname.md
this.pagename: extname.md
this.basename: extname
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### filename.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: filename.md
this.pagename: filename.md
this.basename: filename
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### relative.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: relative.md
this.pagename: relative.md
this.basename: relative
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### embed.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: embed.md
this.pagename: embed.md
this.basename: embed
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### jsfiddle.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: jsfiddle.md
this.pagename: jsfiddle.md
this.basename: jsfiddle
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### toc.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: toc.md
this.pagename: toc.md
this.basename: toc
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### hyphenate.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: hyphenate.md
this.pagename: hyphenate.md
this.basename: hyphenate
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### occurences.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: occurences.md
this.pagename: occurences.md
this.basename: occurences
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### replace.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: replace.md
this.pagename: replace.md
this.basename: replace
this.extname:  
this.ext:      

#### url-resolve.md
this.dirname:  dist/paths
this.filename: url-resolve.md
this.pagename: url-resolve.md
this.basename: url-resolve
this.extname:  
this.ext:      



### {{#each pages}}

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      

#### hightlight.md
page.dirname:  dist/paths
page.filename: hightlight.md
page.pagename: hightlight.md
page.basename: hightlight
page.extname:  
page.ext:      



### {{#each pages}} "page" context

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           

#### hightlight.md
dirname:       dist/paths
filename:      hightlight.md
pagename:      hightlight.md
basename:      hightlight
extname:       
ext:           


